update(docs):Clarify that Copilot only responds to mentions in open PRs and not after merging or closing. (#42482)
github/docs: content/copilot/how-tos/use-copilot-agents/coding-agent/troubleshoot-coding-agent.md

If you do have write access, and you mention `@copilot` on a pull request that is assigned to {% data variables.product.prodname_copilot_short %}, the comment is passed to {% data variables.copilot.copilot_coding_agent %}. An eyes emoji (👀) is added to your comment to indicate that {% data variables.copilot.copilot_coding_agent %} has seen your comment. Shortly after, a "{% data variables.product.prodname_copilot_short %} started work" event is added to the pull request timeline.

> {% data variables.product.prodname_copilot_short %} only responds to mentions in open pull requests. Once a pull request is merged or closed, {% data variables.copilot.copilot_coding_agent %} will not respond to new mentions or comments. This is by design to focus on active development work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this doesn't happen, {% data variables.product.prodname_copilot_short %} may have been unassigned from the pull request, or you may not have write access. Note that {% data variables.product.prodname_copilot_short %} only responds to mentions in open pull requests. Once a pull request is merged or closed, {% data variables.copilot.copilot_coding_agent %} will not respond to new mentions or comments to better focus on active development work.
```
